[KeyVault] - Regenerate and prep for release (#20650)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/keyvault/keyvault-keys/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 4.4.0 (Unreleased)

### Features Added

- Added support for `KeyClient.getRandomBytes` which, when connected to a managed HSM, can be used to generate a byte array of a given length with random values.

> - Added support for Secure key Release from a Managed HSM.

Author: It's such a niche feature that I don't think it's necessary. Mostly used in secure computing, we don't expect customers that use SecureKeyRelease

  - Added `KeyClient.releaseKey` to release a key from a Managed HSM.

>   - Added `exportable` and `releasePolicy` to `KeyVaultKey.properties`, `createKeyOptions`, and `importKeyOptions` in order to specify whether the key is exportable and the associated release policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added `exportable` and `releasePolicy` to `KeyVaultKey.properties`, `createKeyOptions`, and `importKeyOptions` in order to specify whether the key is exportable and to associate a release policy to a given key.
```

nit
